Update SCONE Indication to Network Element (Issue #8) (#28)
ietf-wg-scone/appman: draft-ietf-scone-applicability-manageability.md

SCONE-enabled flows and, where appropriate, provide throughput advice in accordance
to their policy objectives.

> ## SCONE Indication to the Network Element

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Considerations of Processing Complexity
```

As specified in Section 6.1 of {{I-D.ietf-scone-protocol}}, SCONE-aware endpoints provide

> an indication to the SCONE Network Element, enabling it to identify the SCONE-capable flow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
an specific indication on the first SCONE packet to support the identification of a SCONE-capable flow
```
